Who Is Kerry George
FOUNDER & CEO
Kerry George
With a journey that began as a pastor and single mother of three, Kerry George has built CIBN from the ground up. For her, networking isn't just a strategy—it's the key that unlocks doors. For the last 15 years, her hard work and dedication has impacted our global community and changed lives.
Today, her mission is to pay it forward, empowering entrepreneurs with the tools and collaborative support they need to build their own legacies and change the world.
Over a decade of experience
Global Business mentor
Author of SMART NETWORKING - The $150,000 Method
About
Imagine making $150,000 per year more through having high quality business relationships with people who really do love you and care about you. Kerry brings incredibly positive and powerful people together to create life-changing moments in time through connections and collaborations to improve bottom line revenue. For more than 15 years she has been influencing entrepreneurs and changing their lives through networking, masterminds, training and consulting. Kerry is a professional community builder who has ran over 8000 networking meetings and facilitated more than 2000 mastermind brainstorming strategy sessions. She has been in the closed boardrooms with thousands of business owners working on more issues than dozens of business coaches combined. As a mentor she excels in helping her clients build ongoing revenue, fix systems, and build communities of their own. She has developed 9 methods of adding $150,000 to the bottom line. There are dozens of testimonies on her YouTube channel https://youtu.be/dXCJ0k_0fcA and website https://www.cibnconnect.com where she has significantly impacted the revenue of business owners locally and around the world. Her book SMART NETWORKING - The $150,000 method went viral. You can get a free copy of it here. https://kerrygeorge.com/book The next book SMART SELLING will be out in the spring of 2026. If you are a business owner who struggles with not enough time, and a lack of financial resources, then CIBN Connect is the home that you have been looking for. There is no other network in the world quite like this one. CIBN Connect offers more for less, making networking and key training for profit affordable and accessible. We are CIBN Connect. We are unique. We have the answers that you need for your business. Our website - https://www.cibnconnect.com/events Our YouTube Channel - https://www.youtube.com/c/CIBNTVCIBNConnectWithBusinessOwners Each year Kerry takes a handful of personal consultation clients if they qualify. The ideal candidates: - Are making at least $80,000 per year in revenue. - Have a coaching practice or a membership site. - Appreciate a no-nonsense approach and have a desire to get things done. - Have tried coaches before and are now looking for a mentor. - Are wanting to add $150,000 bottom line revenue to their business in the next 12 months. - Have a strong work ethic and a love of learning and applying new things.

Kerry George is a distinguished professional known for her impactful leadership as the CEO of CIBN Connect and her role as Secretary at the A Better Calgary Party. With over 15 years of experience in fostering high-quality business relationships, Kerry has adeptly influenced countless entrepreneurs by organizing networking events and masterminds, facilitating over 8,000 meetings and 2,000 strategy sessions. Her dedication to community building and mentoring has led her to develop nine innovative strategies for increasing revenue, which she eloquently shares in her book, "SMART NETWORKING - The $150,000 Method." Kerry's contributions extend globally, as she consistently empowers business owners to overcome challenges and achieve significant financial growth. Kerry holds a Bachelor's degree in Divinity and has a diverse background that includes roles in corporate consulting, social media, and marketing, showcasing her multifaceted expertise in both business and community leadership.
